---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Software Engineering and Me
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2018-01-18
labels:
  - Software Engineering
---

Computers have always interested me from the moment I started using them. I would spend countless hours on the computer playing around with different programs and features. In high school, I would take all of the courses that involved using a computer to design and create things. Before I entered college however, I really didn't have any programming experience. After playing around with so many features and other programs, I was very curious to learn how to make them as well. 

Before I entered college, I had no idea how to implement any kind of program. I just thought some people came up with an idea and it magically would work. One of my goals in college was to effectively learn how to build and implement different programs. This is why software engineering really interests me. It focuses on the design and implementation of different programs and the ability 

This is my first Software Engineering class. I hope to use the skills I learn in this class to create effective programs. 

Ever since I first grasped a paintbrush, I’ve always been eager to learn about design. Design is such a complex concept. For example, when looking at abstract art, its meaning can be completely different for different people. It motivates a person to think thoughtfully and has the potential to submerge them in a sea of imagination. It’s that special relationship between the viewer and the art that makes something as technical as software engineering interesting to me.

I never used to think that design and technology went hand in hand.  Thus, learning about software engineering and the role of design has been incredibly interesting to me. Design, implementation, and management are just some of the many things I wish to learn more about. Good art, in a way, makes a person question it. They become joined in the idea of visualization – where captivation meets inspiration.


I am now starting to take a Software Engineering class. I hope to learn a lot through the course, but I know it will be just the beginning of my journey. By the time I’m done with it, I hope I’ve learned enough to take the next step in my life as a developer. But until then, my fire will keep on burning.

